why
so it has come to this once I step on
this ignition switch a countdown will
commence the end of which signals the
destruction of your pitiful world there
must be another way to make a home for
your people you think that what this is
about who do you think polluted our last
world I gate this is about one thing and
one thing only cash and lots of it you
see I've been paid for every square inch
of my new world once the inhabitants
move in I will begin polluting this
world as well then the whole thing
starts all over again brilliant why you
you evil little
save it Clank we have to stop that timer
how islamic opportunity to countdown
bracket what's up
you know this time I am thinking what
you're thinking
this camp
whew that was close
uhh Clank you can pull us up now the
servos in my arms appear to be broken
broken hasn't fall to our deaths broken
ah yes
that was close thanks my arm appears to
be badly damaged ah you'll be all right
hey tin can
where do you think you're going
we still need to fix that arm
do you have a problem with unwanted hair
is painful itching in your nether
regions causing you undue embarrassment
do you just plain skink then you need
this but get it wrong personal hi Janet
are hi I'm Steve mid quark and this
little baby can take care of any
grooming needs that are just too much
trouble for you to handle yourself allow
me to demonstrate mommy turn it off